README.md, before:

# codefolio | CODEFY-FRONTEND

## About This Project

This project contains the entire frontend of the **[codefolio-codefy-frontend](https://github.com/coderamos/codefolio-codefy-frontend)** application.

This project was create with [Create React App](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/). You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started). To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

## Avaliable Scripts

### Run Project

In the project directory, you can run:

```
yarn install
```

and

```
yarn dev
```

Learn how to install `yarn` through the [official documentation](https://yarnpkg.com/pt-BR/docs/install).

Run the app in the development mode by opening [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Tecnologies Used

#### react-icons

> To easily use icons in the application.

#### styled-components

> To stylize my app as components.

## About Me

My Github profile: https://github.com/coderamos/

My Linkedin profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/coderamos/

Commit message:

update drag and drop layout

README.md, after:

# codefolio | CODEFY-FRONTEND

## About This Project

This project contains the entire frontend of the **[codefolio-codefy-frontend](https://github.com/coderamos/codefolio-codefy-frontend)** application.

This project was create with [Create React App](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/). You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started). To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

## Avaliable Scripts

### Run Project

In the project directory, you can run:

```
yarn install
```

and

```
yarn dev
```

Learn how to install `yarn` through the [official documentation](https://yarnpkg.com/pt-BR/docs/install).

Run the app in the development mode by opening [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Tecnologies Used

#### react-icons

> To easily use icons in the application.

#### styled-components

> To stylize my app as components.

#### react-dnd | react-dnd-html5-backend

> To drag and drop cards on application.

## About Me

My Github profile: https://github.com/coderamos/

My Linkedin profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/coderamos/
